README.md, before:

# Backstabber Hero 13kb
This is my contribution the Js13kGames JavaScript coding competition. The rules are simple, you got one month to fill your 13kb with code and assets. It will challenge you, 13kb is about 0.5 seconds of low quality mp3 song or 0.4 percent of a normal photo you take with your camera. The theme for 2019 was "back" which gave me the idea for backstabber hero.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nkholski/backstabberhero/master/gitscreenshot.png)

## This repository
Everything is a mess right now after struggeling to fit as much as possible and meet the deadline. It might be fun to poke around but a lot is far from best practise. I use Typescript for some features, but have disabled most warnings when I thought that the correct way would cause a larger code base. Don't try to learn from it :-) I hope however I'll find the strength to go back and tidy it up a bit or at least remove dead files.

## Third party stuff
I borrowed the webpacker and typescript conf from [Spacecraft js13k contribution 2018](https://github.com/tricsi/spacecraft). Sound effects was made with [ZZFX](https://zzfx.3d2k.com/). Finally I base the whole project on [Kontra.js](https://straker.github.io/kontra/) which was of great help, even the parts that I stripped away later or customised made it possible for progress while I used it. Great library for prototyping or small games.

## Post-mortem
I love reading game dev post-mortems and hope to write something on this project soon. Perhaps even two, one for inspirations behind the game and one for tech stuff.

Commit message:

The repo is a mess but the game is live!

README.md, after:

# Backstabber Hero 13kb
This is my contribution the Js13kGames JavaScript coding competition. The rules are simple, you got one month to fill your 13kb with code and assets. It will challenge you, 13kb is about 0.5 seconds of low quality mp3 song or 0.4 percent of a normal photo you take with your camera. The theme for 2019 was "back" which gave me the idea for backstabber hero.

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nkholski/backstabberhero/master/gitscreenshot.png)

[Click here to play the game at js13kgames.com](https://js13kgames.com/entries/backstabber-hero)

## This repository
Everything is a mess right now after struggeling to fit as much as possible and meet the deadline. It might be fun to poke around but a lot is far from best practise. I use Typescript for some features, but have disabled most warnings when I thought that the correct way would cause a larger code base. Don't try to learn from it :-) I hope however I'll find the strength to go back and tidy it up a bit or at least remove dead files.

## Third party stuff
I borrowed the webpacker and typescript conf from [Spacecraft js13k contribution 2018](https://github.com/tricsi/spacecraft). Sound effects was made with [ZZFX](https://zzfx.3d2k.com/). Finally I base the whole project on [Kontra.js](https://straker.github.io/kontra/) which was of great help, even the parts that I stripped away later or customised made it possible for progress while I used it. Great library for prototyping or small games.

## Post-mortem
I love reading game dev post-mortems and hope to write something on this project soon. Perhaps even two, one for inspirations behind the game and one for tech stuff.
